# stripe_dart_sdk.model.Subscription

## Load the model package
```dart
import 'package:stripe_dart_sdk/api.dart';
```

## Properties
Name | Type | Description | Notes
------------ | ------------- | ------------- | -------------
**application** | [**SubscriptionApplication**](SubscriptionApplication.md) |  | [optional] 
**applicationFeePercent** | **num** | A non-negative decimal between 0 and 100, with at most two decimal places. This represents the percentage of the subscription invoice total that will be transferred to the application owner's Stripe account. | [optional] 
**automaticTax** | [**SubscriptionAutomaticTax**](SubscriptionAutomaticTax.md) |  | 
**billingCycleAnchor** | **int** | The reference point that aligns future [billing cycle](https://stripe.com/docs/subscriptions/billing-cycle) dates. It sets the day of week for `week` intervals, the day of month for `month` and `year` intervals, and the month of year for `year` intervals. The timestamp is in UTC format. | 
**billingCycleAnchorConfig** | [**SubscriptionsResourceBillingCycleAnchorConfig**](SubscriptionsResourceBillingCycleAnchorConfig.md) |  | [optional] 
**billingMode** | [**SubscriptionsResourceBillingMode**](SubscriptionsResourceBillingMode.md) |  | 
**billingThresholds** | [**SubscriptionBillingThresholds**](SubscriptionBillingThresholds.md) |  | [optional] 
**cancelAt** | **int** | A date in the future at which the subscription will automatically get canceled | [optional] 
**cancelAtPeriodEnd** | **bool** | Whether this subscription will (if `status=active`) or did (if `status=canceled`) cancel at the end of the current billing period. | 
**canceledAt** | **int** | If the subscription has been canceled, the date of that cancellation. If the subscription was canceled with `cancel_at_period_end`, `canceled_at` will reflect the time of the most recent update request, not the end of the subscription period when the subscription is automatically moved to a canceled state. | [optional] 
**cancellationDetails** | [**CancellationDetails**](CancellationDetails.md) |  | [optional] 
**collectionMethod** | **String** | Either `charge_automatically`, or `send_invoice`. When charging automatically, Stripe will attempt to pay this subscription at the end of the cycle using the default source attached to the customer. When sending an invoice, Stripe will email your customer an invoice with payment instructions and mark the subscription as `active`. | 
**created** | **int** | Time at which the object was created. Measured in seconds since the Unix epoch. | 
**currency** | **String** | Three-letter [ISO currency code](https://www.iso.org/iso-4217-currency-codes.html), in lowercase. Must be a [supported currency](https://stripe.com/docs/currencies). | 
**customer** | [**SubscriptionCustomer**](SubscriptionCustomer.md) |  | 
**daysUntilDue** | **int** | Number of days a customer has to pay invoices generated by this subscription. This value will be `null` for subscriptions where `collection_method=charge_automatically`. | [optional] 
**defaultPaymentMethod** | [**SubscriptionDefaultPaymentMethod**](SubscriptionDefaultPaymentMethod.md) |  | [optional] 
**defaultSource** | [**SubscriptionDefaultSource**](SubscriptionDefaultSource.md) |  | [optional] 
**defaultTaxRates** | [**BuiltList&lt;TaxRate&gt;**](TaxRate.md) | The tax rates that will apply to any subscription item that does not have `tax_rates` set. Invoices created will have their `default_tax_rates` populated from the subscription. | [optional] 
**description** | **String** | The subscription's description, meant to be displayable to the customer. Use this field to optionally store an explanation of the subscription for rendering in Stripe surfaces and certain local payment methods UIs. | [optional] 
**discounts** | [**BuiltList&lt;InvoiceitemDiscountsInner&gt;**](InvoiceitemDiscountsInner.md) | The discounts applied to the subscription. Subscription item discounts are applied before subscription discounts. Use `expand[]=discounts` to expand each discount. | 
**endedAt** | **int** | If the subscription has ended, the date the subscription ended. | [optional] 
**id** | **String** | Unique identifier for the object. | 
**invoiceSettings** | [**SubscriptionsResourceSubscriptionInvoiceSettings**](SubscriptionsResourceSubscriptionInvoiceSettings.md) |  | 
**items** | [**SubscriptionItemList**](SubscriptionItemList.md) |  | 
**latestInvoice** | [**SubscriptionLatestInvoice**](SubscriptionLatestInvoice.md) |  | [optional] 
**livemode** | **bool** | Has the value `true` if the object exists in live mode or the value `false` if the object exists in test mode. | 
**metadata** | **BuiltMap&lt;String, String&gt;** | Set of [key-value pairs](https://stripe.com/docs/api/metadata) that you can attach to an object. This can be useful for storing additional information about the object in a structured format. | 
**nextPendingInvoiceItemInvoice** | **int** | Specifies the approximate timestamp on which any pending invoice items will be billed according to the schedule provided at `pending_invoice_item_interval`. | [optional] 
**object** | **String** | String representing the object's type. Objects of the same type share the same value. | 
**onBehalfOf** | [**SubscriptionOnBehalfOf**](SubscriptionOnBehalfOf.md) |  | [optional] 
**pauseCollection** | [**SubscriptionsResourcePauseCollection**](SubscriptionsResourcePauseCollection.md) |  | [optional] 
**paymentSettings** | [**SubscriptionsResourcePaymentSettings**](SubscriptionsResourcePaymentSettings.md) |  | [optional] 
**pendingInvoiceItemInterval** | [**SubscriptionPendingInvoiceItemInterval**](SubscriptionPendingInvoiceItemInterval.md) |  | [optional] 
**pendingSetupIntent** | [**SubscriptionPendingSetupIntent**](SubscriptionPendingSetupIntent.md) |  | [optional] 
**pendingUpdate** | [**SubscriptionsResourcePendingUpdate**](SubscriptionsResourcePendingUpdate.md) |  | [optional] 
**schedule** | [**SubscriptionSchedule1**](SubscriptionSchedule1.md) |  | [optional] 
**startDate** | **int** | Date when the subscription was first created. The date might differ from the `created` date due to backdating. | 
**status** | **String** | Possible values are `incomplete`, `incomplete_expired`, `trialing`, `active`, `past_due`, `canceled`, `unpaid`, or `paused`.   For `collection_method=charge_automatically` a subscription moves into `incomplete` if the initial payment attempt fails. A subscription in this status can only have metadata and default_source updated. Once the first invoice is paid, the subscription moves into an `active` status. If the first invoice is not paid within 23 hours, the subscription transitions to `incomplete_expired`. This is a terminal status, the open invoice will be voided and no further invoices will be generated.   A subscription that is currently in a trial period is `trialing` and moves to `active` when the trial period is over.   A subscription can only enter a `paused` status [when a trial ends without a payment method](https://stripe.com/docs/billing/subscriptions/trials#create-free-trials-without-payment). A `paused` subscription doesn't generate invoices and can be resumed after your customer adds their payment method. The `paused` status is different from [pausing collection](https://stripe.com/docs/billing/subscriptions/pause-payment), which still generates invoices and leaves the subscription's status unchanged.   If subscription `collection_method=charge_automatically`, it becomes `past_due` when payment is required but cannot be paid (due to failed payment or awaiting additional user actions). Once Stripe has exhausted all payment retry attempts, the subscription will become `canceled` or `unpaid` (depending on your subscriptions settings).   If subscription `collection_method=send_invoice` it becomes `past_due` when its invoice is not paid by the due date, and `canceled` or `unpaid` if it is still not paid by an additional deadline after that. Note that when a subscription has a status of `unpaid`, no subsequent invoices will be attempted (invoices will be created, but then immediately automatically closed). After receiving updated payment information from a customer, you may choose to reopen and pay their closed invoices. | 
**testClock** | [**SubscriptionTestClock**](SubscriptionTestClock.md) |  | [optional] 
**transferData** | [**SubscriptionTransferData**](SubscriptionTransferData.md) |  | [optional] 
**trialEnd** | **int** | If the subscription has a trial, the end of that trial. | [optional] 
**trialSettings** | [**SubscriptionsTrialsResourceTrialSettings**](SubscriptionsTrialsResourceTrialSettings.md) |  | [optional] 
**trialStart** | **int** | If the subscription has a trial, the beginning of that trial. | [optional] 

[[Back to Model list]](../README.md#documentation-for-models) [[Back to API list]](../README.md#documentation-for-api-endpoints) [[Back to README]](../README.md)


